docs: add dlt-lancedb integration page (#1551)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/python/dlt.md

## How to ingest data into LanceDB  

In this example, we will be fetching movie information from the [Open Movie Database (OMDb) API](https://www.omdbapi.com/) and loading it into a local LanceDB instance. To implement it, you will need an API key for the OMDb API (which can be created freely [here](https://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx)).
  
1. **Install `dlt` with LanceDB extras:**  
    ```sh 
    pip install dlt[lancedb]
    ```

2. **Inside an empty directory, initialize a `dlt` project with:**  
    ```sh
    dlt init rest_api lancedb
    ```
    This will add all the files necessary to create a `dlt` pipeline that can ingest data from any REST API (ex: OMDb API) and load into LanceDB.
    ```text
    ├── .dlt
    │   ├── config.toml
    │   └── secrets.toml
    ├── rest_api
    ├── rest_api_pipeline.py
    └── requirements.txt
    ```
  

>     `dlt` has a list of pre-built [sources](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/) like [SQL databases](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/sql_database), [REST APIs](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/rest_api), [Google Sheets](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/google_sheets), [Notion](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/notion) etc., that can be used out-of-the-box by running `dlt init <source_name> lancedb`. However, since `dlt` is a python library, it is also very easy to modify these pre-built sources or to write your own custom source from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dlt has a list of pre-built [sources](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/) like [SQL databases](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/sql_database), [REST APIs](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/rest_api), [Google Sheets](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/google_sheets), [Notion](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/notion) etc., that can be used out-of-the-box by running `dlt init <source_name> lancedb`. Since dlt is a python library, it is also very easy to modify these pre-built sources or to write your own custom source from scratch.
```

3. **Specify necessary credentials and/or embedding model details:**  
    

>     In order to fetch data from the OMDb API, you will need to pass a valid API key into your pipeline. Additionally, depending on whether you're using LanceDB OSS or LanceDB cloud, you also may or may not need to provide necessary credentials to connect to the LanceDB instance. These can be pasted inside `.dlt/sercrets.toml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In order to fetch data from the OMDb API, you will need to pass a valid API key into your pipeline. Depending on whether you're using LanceDB OSS or LanceDB cloud, you also may need to provide the necessary credentials to connect to the LanceDB instance. These can be pasted inside `.dlt/sercrets.toml`. 
```

>     Furthermore, `dlt`'s LanceDB integration allows you to automatically embed the data during ingestion. Again, depending on the embedding model chosen, you may need to paste necessary credentials inside `.dlt/sercrets.toml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dlt's LanceDB integration also allows you to automatically embed the data during ingestion. Depending on the embedding model chosen, you may need to paste the necessary credentials inside `.dlt/sercrets.toml`:
```

    ```toml
    [sources.rest_api]
    api_key = "api_key" # Enter the API key for the OMDb API

    [destination.lancedb]
    embedding_model_provider = "sentence-transformers"
    embedding_model = "all-MiniLM-L6-v2"
    [destination.lancedb.credentials]
    uri = ".lancedb"
    api_key = "api_key" # API key to connect to LanceDB Cloud. Leave out if you are using LanceDB OSS.
    embedding_model_provider_api_key = "embedding_model_provider_api_key" # Not needed for providers that don't need authentication (ollama, sentence-transformers).
    ```
    See [here](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/lancedb#configure-the-destination) for more information and for a list of available models and model providers.  

4. **Write the pipeline code inside `rest_api_pipeline.py`:**  

>     The following code shows how you can configure `dlt`'s REST API source to connect to the [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com/), fetch all movies with the word "godzilla" in the title, and load it into a LanceDB table. For more details on the `dlt` REST API source, see [here](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/rest_api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following code shows how you can configure dlt's REST API source to connect to the [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com/), fetch all movies with the word "godzilla" in the title, and load it into a LanceDB table. The REST API source allows you to pull data from any API with minimal code, to learn more read the [dlt docs](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/rest_api).
```

    ```python   

    # Import necessary modules
    import dlt
    from rest_api import rest_api_source

    # Configure the REST API source
    movies_source = rest_api_source(
        {
            "client": {
                "base_url": "https://www.omdbapi.com/",
                "auth": { # authentication strategy for the OMDb API
                    "type": "api_key",
                    "name": "apikey",
                    "api_key": dlt.secrets["sources.rest_api.api_token"], # read API credentials directly from secrets.toml
                    "location": "query"
                },
                "paginator": { # pagination strategy for the OMDb API 
                    "type": "page_number",
                    "base_page": 1,
                    "total_path": "totalResults",

>                     "maximum_page": 5

Reviewer: is this a paginator that dlt can't detect automatically?

Author: Yeah, you would need to explicitly specify it for this API

                }
            },
            "resources": [ # list of API endpoints to request
                {
                    "name": "movie_search",
                    "endpoint": {
                        "path": "/",
                        "params": {
                            "s": "godzilla",
                            "type": "movie"
                        }
                    }
                }
            ]
        })

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        # Create a pipeline object
        pipeline = dlt.pipeline(
            pipeline_name='movies_pipeline',
            destination='lancedb', # this tells dlt to load the data into LanceDB
            dataset_name='movies_data_pipeline',
        )

        # Run the pipeline
        load_info = pipeline.run(movies_source)

        # pretty print the information on data that was loaded
        print(load_info)
    ```

>     The script above will ingest the data into LanceDB as it is, i.e. without creating any embeddings. If we want to embed one of the fields (for example, `"Title"` that contains the movie titles), then we will use `dlt`'s `lancedb_adapter` and modify the script as follows:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The script above will ingest the data into LanceDB as it is, i.e. without creating any embeddings. If we want to embed one of the fields (for example, `"Title"` that contains the movie titles), then we will use dlt's `lancedb_adapter` and modify the script as follows:  
```

    
    - Add the following import statement:
        ```python
        from dlt.destinations.adapters import lancedb_adapter
        ```
    - Modify the pipeline run like this:
        ```python
        load_info = pipeline.run(
            lancedb_adapter(
                movies_source,
                embed="Title",
            )
        )
        ```
    This will use the embedding model specified inside `.dlt/secrets.toml` to embed the field `"Title"`.

5. **Install necessary dependencies:**  
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```  

    Note: You may need to install the dependencies for your embedding models separately.
    ```sh
    pip install sentence-transformers
    ```

6. **Run the pipeline:**
    Finally, running the following command will ingest the data into your LanceDB instance.
    ```sh
    python custom_source.py
    ```

> For more information and advanced usage of `dlt`'s LanceDB integration, see [here](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/lancedb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information and advanced usage of dlt's LanceDB integration, read [the dlt documentation](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/lancedb).
```
